[Needs SC review] community/other_tools_and_programs.rst: update (#2284)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/other_tools_and_programs.rst

> If you know of any other tools that should be added, this list can be updated by clicking "Edit on GitHub" on the top right of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you know of any other tools that should be added, open a PR against the `Awesome Ansible repository<https://github.com/ansible-community/awesome-ansible>`_.
```

Popular editors
===============

Text editors
------------

> There are popular open-source editors like Vim or Emacs that support YAML, Jinja, and specifically Ansible through corresponding plugins.

Reviewer 2: These need adding to https://github.com/ansible-community/awesome-ansible?tab=readme-ov-file#editor-and-ide-integrations (and we should add subheadings for each editor first).

Then we can link to the awesome-ansible

- `jctanner's Ansible Tools <https://github.com/jctanner/ansible-tools>`_ - miscellaneous collection of useful helper scripts for Ansible development.

.. _validate-playbook-tools:

Tools for validating playbooks
==============================

- `Ansible Lint <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-lint/index.html>`__ - a highly configurable linter for Ansible playbooks.
- `Ansible Review <https://github.com/willthames/ansible-review>`_ - an extension of Ansible Lint designed for code review.
- `Molecule <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/molecule/>`_ - a testing framework for Ansible plays and roles.
- `yamllint <https://yamllint.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ - a command-line utility to check syntax validity including key repetition and indentation issues.

Collection development tools
============================

- `antsibull-changelog <https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog>`_ - a changelog generator for Ansible collections.
- `antsibull-docs <https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull-docs>`_ - a docsite generator and documentation validator for Ansible collections.

Other tools
===========

> - `Ansible Inventory Grapher <https://github.com/willthames/ansible-inventory-grapher>`_ - visually displays inventory inheritance hierarchies and at what level a variable is defined in inventory.

Reviewer 2: These need adding to awesome ansible

Author: please see the comment https://forum.ansible.com/t/should-we-revamp-the-tools-and-programs-page/39024/6?u=andersson007
